yo yo yo what's up warriors and what he
nays rocking with your boy Ryan grace
Mullins and this is muddling around
welcome to another episode of around I'm
here in magenta V Bradley one of you
aged women how you doing today first
question I want to ask I know one of
your specialties is the platform diving
I imagine that you have no real fear of
heights being that you know the sport
that you're in but have you ever got up
there and just one day being like
because I don't know if this is gonna
happen today huh I am NOT going down
there yeah sometimes on the new dives
but it's the excitement of doing the
dives that what keeps you going well
you're better than me because I don't
know if I can make it grind up I know
you competed in three sports gymnastics
cheerleading and diving then that all of
them is similar kind of in their own
mind and you know with the flipping and
tumbling and all that was it an easy
transition going from one to another
flipping interesting is really hard for
most people to do because it's hard to
know where you are in the air and the
airspace really helps and I've never
been good with hand-eye coordination so
I don't really play sports with balls
fair fair enough
but most people see the perfect dive
during your competition but I know in
practice you have to have some some miss
hits you know some flops so tell me
about which one was your worst one and
which one hurt the most when I was
learning gain or two-and-a-half on three
meter I went over a bunch of times and I
had bruises all up and down my legs for
weeks that was pretty bad oh you're from
Steamboat Springs Colorado which is
known for its more outdoor sports
snowboarding skiing and so on and so on
how in the world did you get into diving
well it wasn't easy transition from
mastix but my mom always said if we
lived in someplace warm like California
then I would want to
so being that you are definitely a water
person I'm sure you've been all around
the island you know jumping off rocks
and cliffs where's your favorite place
that you would say you love to go that
you can do these things the spitting
caves up in Hawaii guys my absolute
favorite place in the world but I know
all the places to jump off on the island
and I've been to all of them okay so
with them but when you're jumping off of
like spinning cage is it are you doing
the same type of dive that you're doing
out here are you kind of you know just
kind of just having fun with it or you
know are you showing off a little bit
definitely showing off a little bit it's
fun when you get a crowd up there with
your friends it's a lot more laid-back
less difficult dives and more just
playing around if I wanted to learn how
to do one of your simpler dives which
one would that probably be probably a 5
to 3 3 D on 5 meter that don't sound too
simple no it's easy you just gotta swing
your arms go up twist hard spin out dive
it in no problem okay
oh I don't believe in me you got it
stand backward huh find out arms out
yep oh please put it out Oh dive in dive
it in okay you first okay
oh wow that was that was pretty great
that was pretty amazing
heck no I'm not
thanks again to miss Genevieve for
coming out here and showing us what you
doing with all these women's divers
doing this is definitely the hardest one
I did so far but I had a great time I
hope you did too and and uh best of luck
thank you